KOTS installation order of manifests and helm charts (#1409)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/helm-native-about.md

## Overview

When you distribute your Helm chart-based application with KOTS, your users have access to all of the KOTS features, such as:
* The Replicated admin console
* Backup and restore with snapshots
* Support for air gap installations

> * Support for installations into embedded clusters created by Replicated kURL

Author: No change here other than making it bullets so it's easier to read

An application deployed with KOTS can use one or more Helm charts, can include Helm charts as components, and can use more than a single instance of any Helm chart.

### HelmChart Custom Resource

<KotsHelmCrDescription/>

For more information about the HelmChart custom resource, see [HelmChart v2](/reference/custom-resource-helmchart-v2) and [Configuring the HelmChart Custom Resource](helm-native-v2-using).

> ### Resource Deployment Order

Author: New section

> When installing a Helm chart-based application, KOTS always deploys standard Kubernetes manifests to the cluster _before_ deploying Helm charts. For example, if your release contains a Helm chart, an Application resource, and a KOTS Config custom resource, then the Application and Config resources are deployed before the Helm chart. 

Reviewer: The application and config resources do not get deployed to the cluster.
```suggestion
When installing a Helm chart-based application, KOTS always deploys standard Kubernetes manifests to the cluster _before_ deploying Helm charts. For example, if your release contains a Helm chart, a CRD, and a ConfigMap, then the CRD and ConfigMap resources are deployed before the Helm chart. 
```
